Add redirection example (#578)
vapor/docs: 4.0/docs/routing.md

auth.get("dashboard") { ... }
auth.get("logout") { ... }
```

## Redirections

> Sometimes you need to redirect the user from the old route path to a new one. This is necessary when you already published the website and don't want to lose any gained SEO or maintain backwards compatibility with the new version of your API.

Reviewer: I agree with @jonny7 - I think we need to distinguish between the different redirects and explain what they're used for. (But thanks for adding this!) Here are some suggested tweaks, what do you think? I've also tightened up the language.

Note I've had to add a `\` to the suggested changes to get them to work correctly, that will need to be removed before merging.

```suggestion
Redirects are useful in a number of scenarios, such as forwarding old locations to new ones for SEO, redirecting an unauthenticated user to the login page or maintain backwards compatibility with the new version of your API.

To redirect a request, use:

```swift
req.redirect(to: "/some/new/path")
\```

You can also specify the type of redirect, for example to redirect a page permanently (for example so that your SEO is updated correctly) use:

```swift
req.redirect(to: "/some/new/path", type: .permanent)
\```

The different `RedirectType`s are:

* `.permanent` - returns a **301 Permanent** redirect
* `.normal` - returns a **303 see other** redirect. This is the default by Vapor and tells the client to follow the redirect with a **GET** request.
* `.temporary` - returns a **307 Temporary** redirect. This tells the client to preserve the HTTP method used in the request.

Sometimes you need to redirect the user from the old route path to a new one. This is necessary when you already published the website and don't want to lose any gained SEO or maintain backwards compatibility with the new version of your API.
```

To redirect a request, use:

```swift
req.redirect(to: "/some/new/path")
```

You can also specify the type of redirect, for example to redirect a page permanently (so that your SEO is updated correctly) use:

```swift
req.redirect(to: "/some/new/path", type: .permanent)
```

The different `RedirectType`s are:

* `.permanent` - returns a **301 Permanent** redirect
* `.normal` - returns a **303 see other** redirect. This is the default by Vapor and tells the client to follow the redirect with a **GET** request.
* `.temporary` - returns a **307 Temporary** redirect. This tells the client to preserve the HTTP method used in the request.

> To choose the proper redirection status code check out [the full list](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_HTTP_status_codes#3xx_redirection)

Sometimes you need to redirect the user from the old route path to a new one. This is necessary when you already published the website and don't want to lose any gained SEO or maintain backwards compatibility with the new version of your API. This can be done directly in your `routes` using a closure.

```swift
app.get("old") { req in req.redirect(to: "new") }

> ```

Reviewer: This old stuff needs to be deleted then we're good to go!
